uv add fastapi[all] langchain langchain-openai langchain-google-genai python-dotenv sqlalchemy uvicorn psycopg2-binary

to run:
    backend:
        cd backend
        uv run ./main.py
    frontend:
        cd frontend
        npm run dev
    
Resume Bullet Points (with Keywords)
--Developed a full-stack AI-powered story generation web application using React (Vite) and FastAPI (Python)
--Implemented RESTful APIs for story and job management, integrating SQLite for persistent storage
--Designed and built interactive UI components for story creation, loading, and gameplay
--Utilized modular architecture for scalable backend and frontend codebases
--Applied best practices in state management, asynchronous operations, and API integration
--Technologies: React, JavaScript, FastAPI, Python, SQLite, REST API, Vite, CSS, Git

Project Description
AI Story Generator is a full-stack web application that empowers users to create and interact with AI-generated stories based on custom themes. The project features a modern React frontend and a FastAPI backend, with persistent storage via SQLite. Users can generate stories, play through interactive story games, and manage their story history. The application demonstrates expertise in full-stack development, RESTful API design, and the integration of AI-driven content generation.

1. Steps to Deploy Online for Free
Frontend (React/Vite)
---Option 1: Vercel
        Push your code to GitHub.
        Go to Vercel and sign up.
        Import your GitHub repo.
        Set the project root to frontend/.
        Vercel auto-detects Vite and deploys your site.
        Get your public URL after deployment.
---Option 2: Netlify
        Push your code to GitHub.
        Go to Netlify and sign up.
        New site from Git, select your repo.
        Set build command: npm run build, publish directory: dist
        Deploy and get your public URL.
Backend (FastAPI)
--Option 1: Render (Free Tier)
        Push your backend code to GitHub.
        Go to Render and sign up.
        Create a new "Web Service".
        Connect your repo, set root to backend/.
        Set build command: pip install -r requirements.txt
        Set start command: uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 10000
        Add environment variables as needed.
        Deploy and get your backend URL.
--Option 2: Railway (Free Tier)
        Push backend to GitHub.
        Go to Railway and sign up.
        New project → Deploy from GitHub.
        Set up Python environment, install dependencies, set start command as above.
        Deploy and get your backend URL.
2. Steps to Switch from SQLite to MySQL or PostgreSQL
General Steps
--Install the Database Driver
        For MySQL: pip install mysqlclient or pip install pymysql
        For PostgreSQL: pip install psycopg2-binary
--Update Database URL in Your Code
        In backend/core/config.py or wherever your DB URL is set:
        For MySQL:
        SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URL = "mysql+pymysql://user:password@host:port/dbname"
        For PostgreSQL:
        SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URL = "postgresql+psycopg2://user:password@host:port/dbname"
--Provision a Free Database
        Railway and Render both offer free Postgres/MySQL databases.
        Create a new database, get the connection string, and update your config.
--Migrate Your Database
        If using SQLAlchemy, use Alembic for migrations:
        pip install alembic
        Initialize: alembic init alembic
        Edit alembic.ini and env.py to use your new DB URL.
        Generate migration: alembic revision --autogenerate -m "init"
        Apply migration: alembic upgrade head
--Test Locally
        Run your backend locally with the new DB to ensure everything works.
3. Deployment Plan
Step-by-Step Plan
--Prepare Your Code
        Ensure both frontend and backend work locally.
        Update backend to use environment variables for DB connection.
--Push to GitHub
        Create a new repo or update your existing one.
        Commit and push all code.
--Deploy Backend
        Choose Render or Railway.
        Set up the backend as a web service.
        If using MySQL/Postgres, provision the DB and update your config.
        Set environment variables (DB URL, etc.).
        Deploy and test the API endpoint.
--Deploy Frontend
        Choose Vercel or Netlify.
        Set the API base URL in your frontend to point to your deployed backend.
Deploy and test the frontend.
--Connect Frontend and Backend
        Ensure CORS is enabled in FastAPI (from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware).
        Test the full flow: story generation, saving/loading, etc.
--Go Live
        Share your public URLs.
        Optionally, set up a custom domain (free on Vercel/Netlify).